chore(examples): Add 'Sitefinity CMS' Example (#39537)
vercel/next.js: examples/cms-sitefinity/README.md

# A statically generated blog example using Next.js and Sitefinity CMS

This is the existing [blog-starter](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/blog-starter) plus TypeScript.
This example showcases [Next.js's Static Generation feature](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/pages) using Sitefinity CMS as the data source.

## Demo

[https://next-blog-starter.vercel.app/](https://next-blog-starter.vercel.app/)

## Deploy your own

> Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) or preview live with [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/github/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/blog-starter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) or preview live with [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/github/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/cms-sitefinity)
```

> [![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/blog-starter&project-name=blog-starter&repository-name=blog-starter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/cms-sitefinity&project-name=cms-sitefinity&repository-name=cms-sitefinity)
```
